They collect some surfboard with a surfboard
Experience with the waves and after a few exercises on the beach and in quiet
fairway
but
If you're a good swimmer, try your hand at Paris
It helps them to develop a feeling for waves shows them as they do
choose to vote and is good for fitness
Put yourself in deep water until the wave is almost with you
they jump with their arms over their heads in front of the wave
Tighten your body and lead it before the wave
with some exercise they can change the direction and at the waves wall
glide along
look for Velen near the beach and start to collide with sources
not in big breakers
paddling is the basic technique for bread control
make paddling in shallow water
they get used to holding the balloons in the wooden boards on the board and
stress all the muscles you need later in the waves
For the first time you lie on the bed you need the optimal board
Find location that is the position in which they are close
and the brettener sticks out of the water about a hand's breadth
Make as long and strong paddle moves as possible on the side of the board
along which the hand, slightly curved, punctures far forward
slow deep trains are more effective than fast flat ones
The feet make contact between them and their surfboard
they are responsible for steering acceleration and braking
gain control of the board by shifting your weight to four
different points
Forsa and those feet
the back foot and the associated leg are used around the board
rotate
and to slow down
while accelerating and steering with the front foot
her foot position decides if she wants a mat chord
or a buffet
If the left foot is in front they are a match
instinctively put your right foot forward, they are a buffet
on a right breaking wave, a match watch drives forehand
So with a view to the wave
a goofy he drives on the same wave backhand
he has the wave in his back
the right foot position allows for optimal board control
As far as pace and direction are concerned, it only allows the mental image
a maneuver to implement ineffective movements
In the water, this position changes constantly when the body moves
As the beginner should try a certain balance of the board
Internalize basic position on the board
her feet are parallel shoulder wide apart the knees are light
bent
the hands show shoulder height in the direction of travel
the back arm is angled and is located in front of the chin
front office is stretched out at chest height in extension of the shoulders
her lower body is stable over the wide middle her upper body is loose
and flexible
Now that you know the right standing position, it's time to get up
give
Place your hands on the edges of the board at chest height
the thorax of the slightly raised
wave one leg and place your foot next to the other's knee
car
The foot is fasting the position in which even when standing on the board will be
They press their arms and feet in a fluid motion
up and bring the new forefoot in with your knees in the chest
a position vertically under her head
The back foot stays in place now but with the entire sole of the foot
standing on the board
straighten yourself up
The knees are slightly bent while her torso is almost upright
They can make this movement wherever they have enough space
have to lie down
Hereafter they practice the better
To get a better feel for the board, practice them on the beach
pile up they looked up at a hill and put the board on it
stick to your board and watch how he behaves when
they give weight to the stern
how the nose held and what happens when they turn the board back and forth
These are important techniques when you board through the white water of the
maneuver the waves all the time
stand on the board to get a feel for what is going on
Shift of body jewelry point what happens
Put your weight back and lift your nose
so the board is braked in a wave
shift your weight forward and press down on the nose
Wave wins the board so drive
Pay attention to the most calm and fluid movements
When they have gained confidence on land it's time to get into it
To go for water
Seek a place as something remote from others
push the board flat on the water next to you
while they wait outside
If a wave comes down, push down the stern of the board
so that the nose lifts over the shaft
Then you let go of your nose and go on
keep the money always perpendicular to the waves
wait in deepest water on a wave
the Brettener is pointing to the shore just before it reaches the wave jump
They put on the board in the parade position they make strong faster arm pulls
and try to get up and concentrate on the
Foot position keep your body focus IV and balanced
her feet are shoulder wide apart
knees slightly bent
the hands are pointing in the direction of travel
Be patient
To catch broken white water waves and to reliably stand up to it
It will take a while
the more time you spend with the guy
the faster they progress
guide her
Swans in the waves Paulis threw
in addition to fitness and creates a feeling for the others
8th
hold your hands lightly while paddling, make them deep for
long time
Get up on land as a preparation for getting up in the morning
water
Bonn
Dr